For all classes, the use of the auto complete function built into VSCode was used frequently.
For many classes, the code has been refined using the prompt below (Prompt 1)


Prompt 1:

Follow the Coding Standard as documented in Java Coding Standard. Include JavaDocs where necessary, as per the Java Coding Standard.
Keep the logic intact. Include a declaration at the top that says 
/**
 * This code has been refined with the assistance of Copilot to comply with the Java Style Guide.
 * Documentation comments have been generated by Copilot.
 * For further information, please refer to the Ai.md.
 */

End of Prompt 1.

For methods which were assisted by Copilot, they would be declared as the following.
// Logic implemented by me; syntax and formatting recommended by Copilot.

The JavaCoding Standard is attached below

**Naming
Names representing packages should be in all lower case.
Class/enum names must be nouns and written in PascalCase.
Variable names must be in camelCase.
Constant names must be all uppercase using underscore to separate words (aka SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE).
Names representing methods must be verbs and written in camelCase.
Abbreviations and acronyms should not be uppercase when used as a part of a name.
All names should be written in English.
Variables with a large scope should have long names, variables with a small scope can have short names.
Boolean variables/methods should be named to sound like booleans
Plural form should be used on names representing a collection of objects.
Iterator variables can be called i, j, k etc.
Associated constants should have a common prefix.

**Layout
Basic indentation should be 4 spaces (not tabs).
Line length should be no longer than 120 chars.
Place line break to improve readability
Use K&R style brackets (aka Egyptian style).
Method definitions should have the following form:
    public void someMethod() throws SomeException {
        ...
    }
The if-else class of statements should have the following form:
    if (condition) {
        statements;
    } else if (condition) {
        statements;
    } else {
        statements;
    }
The for statement should have the following form:
    for (initialization; condition; update) {
        statements;
    }
The while and the do-while statements should have the following form:
    do {
        statements;
    } while (condition);
    while (condition) {
        statements;
    }
The switch statement should have the following form: Note there is no indentation for case clauses.
    switch (condition) {
    case ABC:
        statements;
        // Fallthrough
    case DEF:
        statements;
        break;
    case XYZ:
        statements;
        break;
    default:
        statements;
        break;
    }
The explicit //Fallthrough comment should be included whenever there is a case statement without a break statement.
A try-catch statement should have the following form:
    try {
        statements;
    } catch (Exception exception) {
        statements;
    } finally {
        statements;
    }
Operators should be surrounded by a space character.
Java reserved words should be followed by a white space.
Commas should be followed by a white space.
Colons should be surrounded by white space when used as a binary/ternary operator. Does not apply to switch x:. Semicolons in for statements should be followed by a space character.
Logical units within a block should be separated by one blank line.

**Statements
Put every class in a package.
The ordering of import statements must be consistent. (Alphabetically)
Imported classes should always be listed explicitly.
Array specifiers must be attached to the type not the variable.
    int[] a = new int[20];
Variables should be initialized where they are declared and they should be declared in the smallest scope possible.
Class variables should never be declared public unless the class is a data class with no behavior. This rule does not apply to constants.
The loop body should be wrapped by curly brackets irrespective of how many lines there are in the body.
The conditional should be put on a separate line.
Single statement conditionals should still be wrapped by curly brackets.


**Comments
All comments should be written in English.
Write descriptive header comments for all public classes/methods.
Javadoc comments should have the following form:
The opening /** on a separate line.
Write the first sentence as a short summary of the method, as Javadoc automatically places it in the method summary table (and index).
In method header comments, the first sentence should start in the form Returns ..., Sends ..., Adds ... etc. (not Return or Returning etc.)
Subsequent * is aligned with the first one.
Space after each *.
Empty line between description and parameter section.
Punctuation behind each parameter description.
No blank line between the documentation block and the method/class.
@return can be omitted if the method does not return anything or the return value is obvious from the rest of the comment.
@params can be omitted if all parameters of a method have self-explanatory names or already explained in the main part of the comment i.e., when adding @params to the comment does not add any value. This means the comment will have @param for all its parameters, or none.
When writing Javadocs for overridden methods, the @inheritDoc tag can be used to reuse the header comment from the parent method but with further modifications e.g., when the method has a slightly different behavior from the parent method.
Javadoc of class members can be specified on a single line
Comments should be indented relative to their position in the code.
trailing comments such as the below are allowed as well.